.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd 04/29/12               \" DATE 
.Dt fuse-xfs 1      \" Program name and manual section number 
.Os Darwin
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm fuse-xfs
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line. 
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl p \" [-abcd]
.Op Fl l \" [-abcd]
.Op Fl u \" [-abcd]
.Ar device
--
mountpoint
.Op Fl o Ar options \" [-abcd]
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
mounts a raw disk device 
.Ar device
on the specified 
.Ar mountpoint.
.Pp
Optional flags:
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Differs from above in tag removed 
.It Fl p                 \"-a flag as a list item
Only probe the device to see if an XFS filesystem is present.
Returns 0 on success.
.It Fl l                 \"-a flag as a list item
Print out the filesystem label and terminate.
.It Fl u                 \"-a flag as a list item
Print out the filesystem UUID and terminate.
.It Fl o                 \"-a flag as a list item
A list of options recognized by MacFUSE/OSXFUSE
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.Sh EXAMPLE
.Nm
/dev/rdisk2s1 -- /mnt/xfs -o default_permissions,allow_other
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El                      
.\" .Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.\" .Bl -tag -width "/Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name" -compact
.\" .It Pa /usr/share/file_name
.\" FILE_1 description
.\" .It Pa /Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name
.\" FILE_2 description
.\" .El                      \" Ends the list
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS       \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -diag
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .El
.\" .Sh SEE ALSO 
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.\" .Xr a 1 , 
.\" .Xr b 1 ,
.\" .Xr c 1 ,
.\" .Xr a 2 ,
.\" .Xr b 2 ,
.\" .Xr a 3 ,
.\" .Xr b 3 
.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs 
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
